Add helm dda mapper to kubectl-plugin (#2215)
DataDog/datadog-operator: docs/configuration.v2alpha1.md

| global.kubelet.host.configMapKeyRef.optional | Specify whether the ConfigMap or its key must be defined |
| global.kubelet.host.fieldRef.apiVersion | Version of the schema the FieldPath is written in terms of, defaults to "v1". |
| global.kubelet.host.fieldRef.fieldPath | Path of the field to select in the specified API version. |

> | global.kubelet.host.fileKeyRef.key | The key within the env file. An invalid key will prevent the pod from starting. The keys defined within a source may consist of any printable ASCII characters except '='. During Alpha stage of the EnvFiles feature gate, the key size is limited to 128 characters. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| global.kubelet.host.fileKeyRef.key | The key within the `env` file. An invalid key will prevent the pod from starting. The keys defined within a source may consist of any printable ASCII characters except '='. During Alpha stage of the EnvFiles feature gate, the key size is limited to 128 characters. |
```

> | global.kubelet.host.fileKeyRef.optional | Specify whether the file or its key must be defined. If the file or key does not exist, then the env var is not published. If optional is set to true and the specified key does not exist, the environment variable will not be set in the Pod's containers.  If optional is set to false and the specified key does not exist, an error will be returned during Pod creation. |

Author: The contents of this file are determined by an upstream go package

| [key].affinity.podAffinity.requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution | If the affinity requirements specified by this field are not met at scheduling time, the pod will not be scheduled onto the node. If the affinity requirements specified by this field cease to be met at some point during pod execution (e.g. due to a pod label update), the system may or may not try to eventually evict the pod from its node. When there are multiple elements, the lists of nodes corresponding to each podAffinityTerm are intersected, i.e. all terms must be satisfied. |

> | [key].affinity.podAntiAffinity.preferredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution | The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfy the anti-affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choose a node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that is most preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights, i.e. for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resource request, requiredDuringScheduling anti-affinity expressions, etc.), compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and subtracting "weight" from the sum if the node has pods which matches the corresponding podAffinityTerm; the node(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [key].affinity.podAntiAffinity.preferredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution | The scheduler will prefer to schedule pods to nodes that satisfy the anti-affinity expressions specified by this field, but it may choose a node that violates one or more of the expressions. The node that is most preferred is the one with the greatest sum of weights. For example, for each node that meets all of the scheduling requirements (resource request, requiredDuringScheduling anti-affinity expressions, etc.), compute a sum by iterating through the elements of this field and subtracting "weight" from the sum if the node has pods which matches the corresponding podAffinityTerm; the node(s) with the highest sum are the most preferred. |
```
